# OCPCO
Created by Duy Anh Pham
## GSA 
- inspired by and inherited from Matlab version of GSA code v1.1.(Generated by Esmat Rashedi, 2010. "E. Rashedi, H. Nezamabadi-pour and S. Saryazdi, GSA: A Gravitational Search Algorithm, Information sciences, vol. 179, no. 13, pp. 2232-2248, 2009."
## PSOGSA
- inspired by and inherited from Matlab version of PSOGSA source code v3.0, Generated by SeyedAli Mirjalili, 2011. Adopted from: S. Mirjalili, S.Z. Mohd Hashim, New Hybrid PSOGSA Algorithm for Function Optimization, in IEEE International Conference on Computer and Information Application?ICCIA 2010), China, 2010, pp.374-377.
## Cuckoo search
- inspired by and inherited from Matlab version of Cuckoo Search (CS) algorithm by Xin-She Yang and Suash Deb Programmed by Xin-She Yang at Cambridge University          Programming dates: Nov 2008 to June 2009 Last revised: Dec  2009   (simplified version for demo only)
## PSO
- Inspired by https://gist.github.com/tstreamDOTh/4af1d6b5a641deda16641181aa1e9ee8
## No installation requires. All the blocks of code are implemented on Google Colab (colab.research.google.com)
The reasons of using Google Colab are (1) it is free of charge, (2) it does not require you to install any further libraries to your systems (which is really troublesome sometimes) and (3) it provides 12 consecutive hours of free GPU.

## AntLion

## Firefly

## Note: Detailed description for each forecasting model is written in each *.py fucntion corresponding to the model name.

### Instructions:
1. Go to colab.research.google.com (sign in with your gmail account)
2. Download the **OCPCO.ipynb** file and upload this notebook to your working repository by clicking File - Upload notebook
3. Change runtime: in order to use free GPU on google colab, please go to Runtime - Change runtime type - set Hardware accelerator to GPU
4. Go through the following sections step by step to achieve the results in the paper.

**Tips:** Press Shift + Enter to run each code block!
